README.md, before:

<a href="https://karte.io"><img src="https://karte.io/assets/images/common/logo_black.svg" width="270" height="80"></img></a>


[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-blue)](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/blob/master/LICENSE)

KARTE is a real-time user analytics & action tool.
This repository holds the source code for the React Native version of KARTE SDK.

## Getting Started
Please see the detailed instructions in our docs to add [KARTE React Native SDK](https://developers.karte.io/docs/react-native-sdk-v2) to your project.

## Documentation
The developer guide is located at
- [Developer Portal - KARTE React Native SDK](https://developers.karte.io/docs/react-native-sdk-v2)

## Getting Help
- **Have a bug to report?**
  [Open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/issues/new). If possible, include the OS version, SDK version and full logs.
- **Have a feature request?**
  [Open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/issues/new). Tell us what the feature should do and why you want the feature.

## Contributing

Please follow our guidelines.
 - [Contribution Guideline](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
 - [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## License
KARTE React Native SDK is published under the Apache 2.0 License.

Your use of KARTE is governed by the [KARTE Terms of Use](https://karte.io/legal/terms-of-use-en.html).

Commit message:

feat: Show requirements in README.md (#54)

README.md, after:

<a href="https://karte.io"><img src="https://karte.io/assets/images/common/logo_black.svg" width="270" height="80"></img></a>


[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-blue)](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/blob/master/LICENSE)

KARTE is a real-time user analytics & action tool.
This repository holds the source code for the React Native version of KARTE SDK.

## Getting Started
Please see the detailed instructions in our docs to add [KARTE React Native SDK](https://developers.karte.io/docs/react-native-sdk-v2) to your project.

## Requirements

To install the KARTE React Native SDK, the following prerequisites must be met.

The supported versions of React Native for this SDK align with [React Native's official support policy](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases/blob/main/docs/support.md), which covers the latest stable version and the two preceding minor versions.

Regarding Expo versions, we support any version that is compatible with the supported React Native versions mentioned above.

The KARTE React Native SDK is a bridge SDK that wraps the native SDKs for each platform.  
Therefore, your project must also meet the prerequisites for the respective native KARTE SDKs.

- [iOS](https://developers.karte.io/docs/setup-ios-sdk-v2)
- [Android](https://developers.karte.io/docs/setup-android-sdk-v2)

## Documentation
The developer guide is located at
- [Developer Portal - KARTE React Native SDK](https://developers.karte.io/docs/react-native-sdk-v2)

## Getting Help
- **Have a bug to report?**
  [Open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/issues/new). If possible, include the OS version, SDK version and full logs.
- **Have a feature request?**
  [Open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/issues/new). Tell us what the feature should do and why you want the feature.

## Contributing

Please follow our guidelines.
 - [Contribution Guideline](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
 - [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/plaidev/karte-react-native/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## License
KARTE React Native SDK is published under the Apache 2.0 License.

Your use of KARTE is governed by the [KARTE Terms of Use](https://karte.io/legal/terms-of-use-en.html).
